link UDF guide to nemo_retriever.graph and clarify ingest vs graph UDF Operator (#1968)
NVIDIA/nv-ingest: docs/docs/extraction/concepts.md

## Pipeline and tasks

> NeMo Retriever Library does **not** run one static pipeline on every document. You configure **tasks** such as parsing, chunking, embedding, storage, and filtering per job. Related topics: [Graph docs](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/nemo_retriever/src/nemo_retriever/graph/README.md), [user-defined stages](user-defined-stages.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NeMo Retriever Library does **not** run one static pipeline on every document. You configure **tasks** such as parsing, chunking, embedding, storage, and filtering per job. Related topics: [Extending/Customizing NeMo Retriever Library with custom code](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/nemo_retriever/src/nemo_retriever/graph/README.md), [user-defined stages](user-defined-stages.md).
```
